The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Um,
this has been one of the most frustrating things that I've seen and experienced
throughout my over six years in Congress. That really started, um,
when I first went up after I got elected, uh,
where after every election happens and new members of Congress, they go and, uh,
they have, what's called new member orientation.
They give you these books and here's the maps, and here's where your office is.
And you know, all the, all the administrative and logistical stuff,
but very quickly, I would say within the first few days, um, you know,
where we first come in together as Democrats and Republicans immediately, okay,
Democrats go this way, Republicans go this way immediately separated.
And what we're told right off the bat is, look, this is about,
uh, getting wins for our political party.
And if you work with a Republican, then that's gonna hurt the party.
Especially if you work with a Republican that the democratic party's trying to
take out, forget the substance of the idea, forget the substance of the bill.
A and this happens on the opposite side as well. Republicans with Democrats,
both, both political parties are diff are, are, um,
guilty of this where they're really putting the interest of the political party
ahead of the people who just voted for us to go and serve
them. And not just the Democrats who voted for me, but yes, the,
the independents and the Republicans, both who voted for me or who did didn't,
but who, uh, I serve as part of my constituency. And,
uh, you just, you, you continue. I've continued to see this where, you know,
you'll have a bill that because it's a Democrat, bill,
Republicans will vote against it.
Substance aside or Republican bill Democrats will vote against it just because
it's a Republican bill, but then Hey, if, if they come in and you know,
a month or a year later, introduce the same bill or a similar bill,
but now because it's a democratic bill, okay, everybody, Hey, let's go,
let's go and support this legislation. You can, you can imagine
why there is so much gridlock in Washington, why nothing really gets done.
And ultimately how this divisiveness and this hyper partisanship is
hurting the ability for the needs of the American people to be served.
When you talk about people like yourself that are completely funded by the
public mm-hmm <affirmative>,
and you have this very logical and objective way of
discussing this gridlock,
do you think that the future is in young people like yourself getting
involved in politics, that they, they're not connected to this old world for 35,
45 years, this world, it sounds like this is just what you do. Yeah. I mean,
I watched house of cards. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I get kind of,
I get it sort of what that, that seems like chaos.
And it seems like there's no way to fix that.
It's almost like these people have to stop being politicians. Yeah.
They have to be voted out or die off.
Well,
I think it it's evident where we see those who are very entrenched in this, um,
this broken system feel very threatened by the rise
of people, powered campaigns, individual contributions,
coming in and supplanting the big money that they get from, um,
you know, the packs and packs and lobbyists and, and,
and there's fear there because they see, um,
their whole world being disrupted by people like me or others who
are coming in and saying, no, we're not buying into any of that.
And we're coming in to actually fulfill the mission that we've been charged with
by those who voted for us to serve the people, all the people of this country.
And would you say that, would you, this is my position.
I think that Trump plays a part of that because I think he was the first guy to
camp that come to come in,
basically self-funded or being funded through his own means.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and not listening to the rest of the Republican party
saying, Hey,
I'm gonna take over mm-hmm <affirmative> and I'm gonna do this my way.
And then knowing that he could do that.
And knowing that there were so many Republicans against him and knowing that
there's so many Democrats against him as well, but yet he's still the president.
Yep. And people are like, Jesus, this is a fragile system. This system is,
it's what they've done to acquire power is still very vulnerable.
Even though they have this deeply entrenched system of weird little
relationships that it's not good enough. Yeah. That if the people do rise up up,
and they decide, Hey, we wanna put Tulsa in his president,
you you're gonna have a different situation.
A lot of you clowns gonna be outta work. Absolutely.
I mean, and that's really that, that's the message that we're carrying to,
to living rooms and town halls and communities across the country is, uh,
Washington continues to underestimate the power of the people and it it's
supposed to work for you. And that's the thing is, you know,
our founding fathers had this vision for our country,
that our government would be of the people by the people and for the people.
And instead,
what we have is a government of the rich and powerful buy and for the rich and
powerful, or of the special interest in corporations by,
and for the special interest in corporations. And, you know, know we,
the people get left behind.
And they continue to talk to us like they're in control. Yeah.
They're one of us and they're supposed to be public employees.
They're supposed to be servants. That's right. Of the public. Yeah.
They don't talk like that. No.
They talk like people who are in a position of power and influence. Yeah.
And it's not healthy. It's not a healthy perspective.
It, it,
it's evidence of that huge disconnect between the bubble that is Washington and
the reality of the lives that we live every day, people all across this country.
That's always the case though. When people get in control of things,
they always metal make it easier for them, make it better for them.
What can I do to make this a little easier? Is there another way,
how can I help right myself here?
How can I make sure that when I get outta office,
I can do these public speaking tours and make a quarter million dollars a pop.
Yeah. When I hear about the money,
those guys make to just go and talk like what, who is paying for that?
Who is paying to listen to hill? Are you killing?
What are they getting out of it? What are you getting out of that? That's right.
Can I listen? I would love to like pre pretend to be a banker,
to put a lizard skin face mask on and go sit with those bankers and listen to
one of those conversations that Hillary Clinton got paid a quarter million
dollars to talk. Yeah.
Never released the transcripts for what is.
That about? Who is it's it was some weird,
sneaky deal that they yeah. Where nobody wants to pay that, like,
go do that in Madison credit card. See how many tickets you sell. Yeah. Right.
Exactly. Bill and Hillary are doing like the speaking tour thing right now.
Yeah. I am baffled as to who is gonna pay to go see bill and Hillary
them. That's right.
They're doing it together now, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Bill is so old. Why doesn't he just come clean? Yeah. You know, I, I,
I would love to get that guy and just get him drunk and put him on the,
and just like, have him just talk about life,
knowing you only got like a few years left.
Everything's falling apart in your body. Yeah. What are your regrets? Yeah.
What'd you do wrong? What could you have done differently?
Stop all this bullshitting. Yeah. Like what, what, you know,
should have him on your show. I would love to,
I would love to do mushrooms with 'em. That's what I wanted to,
I would have 'em on the show and, uh, do it in, uh, Colorado.
Cause they decriminalized mushrooms. <laugh> it's just, yeah.
This role of being the person that is in control of this country has
always been this impossible task.
And when I see a person like you, who wants to do it? Yeah. I, I, I say, listen,
you have some of the best ideas and the most healthy perspective that I've ever
heard from anyone that's ever running for president.
But why would you want to do that to yourself?
Those are the two things that I think of.
Because it's not for myself and,
and it's not to be in control of the country and the people it's to serve the
people and our country.
It's a continuation of this mission that I've chosen for my life to be of
service, to find different ways to do that. You know,
it started in Hawaii with gathering my friends as a kid and going and picking up
trash off the beach on the weekends and experiencing even then at a young age
that, that made me happier than,
than anything else than, you know,
go going and playing video games with my friends or anything like that.
And that, um, that mission, that,
that was deeply ingrained in me further with my service in the military,
serving as a soldier where, you know,
I'm serving alongside people of all walks of life, as you know, every race,
religion, ethnicity, orientation, everything, every one of us wearing that same,
you uniform serving that same flag that represents the American people
with that. Laser-like focus on putting service above self.
And that's what I seek to bring to the white house, to,
to restore those values of integrity and honor, uh,
and respect to make it so that,
that white house is a beacon of light for the American people to,
to know that that white house belongs to them and represents them and their
interests and their interests alone.
Does anybody, I mean, even a person like you who's on the outside,
do you think anybody truly knows what it's like to run the country until they
get in there? Do they, can you even have an idea of what,
how impossible a task it is to be in control of the economy, the environment,
the, the infrastructure, the military, our, our position in the world.
It seems like the most insane duty yeah.
To require someone to run all the, those things,
to be aware of all those things,
to be responsible for all of the successes and all of the failures. Yeah.
Um, it's an awesome responsibility. There's no question about that. Uh,
and I think it fulfills that, um, that higher, that higher,
that higher calling that this is not about any kind of selfish interest.
This for me is not about any kind of ambition that I've had.
I've never had any kind of thought, well,
I wanna be president one day or even I wanna be a member of Congress one day.
It's always been about, uh, how can I,
how can I best be of service and how can I make a greater impact?
And that's what I've seen throughout my time in Congress,
where I've served on these committees, I've served on the foreign affairs,
in our and services committees I've been,
been calling for and fighting for an end to these wasteful regime, change wars,
an end to this new cold war and nuclear arms race.
There's only so much I can do as a member of Congress, uh,
to be able to serve as president and commander in chief.
I know that I can make that kind of impact and see change in our policy that
keeps a, our country safe.
That moves us closer to that future of peace and prosperity.
And that's where I hope to be able to make a difference.